Our project is an interactive comic, titled "BOREDOM TO ADVENTURE: A CHOOSE-YOUR-OWN JOURNEY THROUGH TIME", where we follow a young boy named Tim who travels through different eras in time. The comic is a choose your own adventure game, where the viewer is able to choose to go to the past or future, and click levers that determine the next era they end up. The website is coded and designed using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. We were striving to create an imaginative and explorative experience. Tim, the character that the viewers follow, is struggling with the internal conflict of being dissatisfied with his mundane life. However, Tim learns through his journey to appreciate his life as he is blessed with safety and security. 

Initially, I implemented the concept by dividing up the work between my group members, which allowed us to work efficiently. My main role was collaborating and writing the storyline and script, and then transforming the story into comic panels through Adobe Photoshop. Once I created the comic panels, we collaborated in adding the panels to the website. Our initial concept is very similar to the finished result. My expectations and goals for working on the final version were to create an aesthetically pleasing comic panels and a logical story. It was also important that the website would change through the panels seamlessly as the user interacts with it. Next time, I would want to create more panels to have a more complex story, as well as have better resolution for the images as converting the images to the right files and adding them into the code caused the quality to be lost. Overall, I am proud of the project and the collaboration with my group mates. 
