Our project is titled “Journey Through the Forest”, and it is a website that depicts a title screen, three forest scenes at different times of day, and an ending scene. The website is meant to be an immersive experience that allows the user to feels as though they are walking down a forest path from day to night. All screens have a play, pause, and volume higher and lower button, as we wanted the user to control the audio. Additionally, the central button on all the screens takes the user through the journey, allowing them to go through the website at their own pace. To increase the viewer’s immersion experience, we had the images slowly zoom in, creating the affect of forward movement. The first screen is of the entry gate into the forest, and there is thematic music playing in the background. The user chooses when to start the audio by pressing the play button. For the rest of the screens, the audio automatically plays, with audio that matches the images and the time of day that is depicted. After going on a journey from morning to afternoon to night, the user can press end journey, which leads them to the last screen that shows an exit in the forest. Then, the user is able to restart the journey. 

We implemented this process by dividing up the pieces of the project. For my part, I completed one of the audios by using audacity, and used original audio that I recorded on campus. Next, I coded in CSS for the zooming feature of the website. To do this, first I centred and scaled the background image, and insured the image would not repeat. Next, I used @keyframes to define zoomAnimation. Then, I set the duration of the animation, the original size, the increased size, and the point of zoom. I collaborated in implementing this piece of code into the website, as well as the JavaScript code to make the audios switch when the button is pressed. I did this by updating the src attribute of the defined variable “soundtrack” to the sound file that matched the image, and then used the load method and play method to start the audio. This project greatly met my expectations and goals as I am very pleased with the finally result. I envisioned a similar look to the website, and I believe my group collaborated well together to create an aesthetic and auditory pleasing website. I think our website tells a clear story of a person wandering through a serene and lush forest. 
